all right there's a theory put forth by
Richard Leakey ah
[Music]
are we greeting each other this way now
because I like that my queen he's a
windows into the floor
Ivan used all those attachments on the
vacuum except that for round one with
the bristles on all this for well yeah
nobody knows and we're not supposed to
ask very clean right every it looks very
oh I I see you move the green ottoman
how did that happen
I don't know I thought it looked better
there and I and also it's an extra
senior on the coffee table yeah it's
interesting but you know what it's just
for fun let's see what it looks like in
the old spot I'm just to compare see huh
well it looks good there do let's just
leave it there for a while can't wait
you're trying to move the green ottoman
thank God you didn't try to fan out the
magazines I mean she'll scratch your
eyes right out yeah you are Monica
remember time is with you you were like
a little you know
Oh unfair oh come on when we were kids
yours it was the only Raggedy Ann doll
it wasn't raggedy okay so I'm
responsible I'm organized but hey I can
be a kook all right you madcap down try
to imagine this the phone bill arrives
but you don't pay it right away
why not because you're a kook instead
you wait until they send you a notice I
can do that okay okay
then you let me go grocery shopping and
I buy laundry detergent but it's not the
one with the easy pour spout why would
someone do that one might wonder
someone's left a glass on the coffee
table
there's no coaster it's a cold drink
it's a hot day little beads of
condensation are inching their way
closer and closer to the surface of the
water
oh my god it's true Who am I
Monica your mom huh
oh my god okay okay I'll be there as my
agent my agent has just gotten me a job
in the new Al Pacino movie can you
believe this Al Pacino
this guy's the reason I became an actor
I'm a motor pair you're out of order
this all courtrooms out of order
seriously what's the part just when I
thought I was out they pull me back in
goodbye seriously Joey what's the part
uh yours man I'm his buck double